{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24460\viewh14320\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 This folder contains the artificial dataset for the resource-constrained project scheduling problem\

\f1\b0\fs28 Authors: Mario Vanhoucke and Jos\'e9 Coelho
\f0\b\fs24 \
\
DATASETS: \

\f1\b0 (Last update: March 2023)\

\f0\b \

\f1\b0 The RCPLIB library contains 8 datasets in subfolders, as follows:
\f0\b \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Five datasets (
\f0\b RG30
\f1\b0 , 
\f0\b RG300
\f1\b0 , 
\f0\b DC1
\f1\b0 , 
\f0\b DC2
\f1\b0  and 
\f0\b MT
\f1\b0 ) are summarised in Vanhoucke et al. (2016).\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The 
\f0\b 1kNetRes
\f1\b0  set is proposed in Vanhoucke and Coelho (2018).\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The 
\f0\b CV
\f1\b0  with 623 hard instances (for exact procedures) is proposed in Coelho and Vanhoucke (2020).\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The 
\f0\b sD
\f1\b0  with 390 hard instances (for heuristic procedures) is proposed by Coelho and Vanhoucke (2023).\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
Paper\

\f1\b0 This datasets have been presented in the following papers:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Vanhoucke, M., Coelho, J., & Batselier, J. (2016). An overview of project data for integrated project management and control. Journal of Modern Project Management, 3(2), 6\'9621\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Vanhoucke, M., & Coelho, J. (2018). A tool to test and validate algorithms for the resource-constrained project scheduling problem. Computers and Industrial Engineering, 118, 251\'96265. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cie.2018.02.001\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Coelho, J., & Vanhoucke, M. (2020). Going to the core of hard resource-constrained project scheduling instances. Computers and Operations Research, 121, 104976. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cor.2020.104976\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Coelho, J., & Vanhoucke, M. (2023). New resource-constrained project scheduling instances for testing (meta-)heuristic scheduling algorithms. Computers and Operations Research, 153, 106165. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cor.2023.106165\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Please use these references when referring to these datasets.
\f0\b \
\
Problem\
\

\f1\b0 The resource-constrained project scheduling problem (RCPSP) is the basic problem type in project scheduling and aims at the minimisation of the total project duration. It is one of the most widely studied project scheduling problem in literature, and it has resulted in an overwhelming amount of papers with solution procedures to solve the problem.\
\

\f0\b Website
\f1\b0 \
Visit {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.projectmanagement.ugent.be/research/data"}}{\fldrslt https://www.projectmanagement.ugent.be/research/data}} for more information on the dataset.\
\

\f0\b Best known solutions
\f1\b0 \
Best known solutions are available in two ways:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Easy way: Download the MS Excel file \'93\ul RCPLIB (Parameters and BKS).xlsx\ulnone \'94.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Use our \ul SolutionsUpdate\ulnone  tool (also available from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.solutionsupdate.ugent.be"}}{\fldrslt www.solutionsupdate.ugent.be}}).\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f0\b Additional information
\f1\b0 \
The datafiles are formatted in the well known \ul Patterson format\ulnone  as explained in the \'93\ul RCPSP_DataFormat.pdf\ulnone \'94 file. \
\

\f0\b Interested in more?
\f1\b0 \
Books on projectmanagement: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.or-as.be/books"}}{\fldrslt www.or-as.be/books}}\
Academic peer-reviewed articles: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.projectmanagement.ugent.be/staff/publications"}}{\fldrslt https://www.projectmanagement.ugent.be/staff/publications}}\
Free short articles on {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://medium.com/@mario.vanhoucke"}}{\fldrslt https://medium.com/@mario.vanhoucke}}}