{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24460\viewh14320\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 DATASET: sD\

\f1\b0 (Last update: February 2023)\

\f0\b \
Paper\

\f1\b0 This dataset has been presented in the following paper:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Coelho, J., & Vanhoucke, M. (2023). New resource-constrained project scheduling instances for testing (meta-)heuristic scheduling algorithms. Computers and Operations Research, 153, 106165. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cor.2023.106165\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Please use this reference when referring to this dataset.
\f0\b \
\
Problem\
\

\f1\b0 This dataset is constructed based on a new concept we called the sigma distance approach that tries to describe the solution space of the problem instance using random sampling. The concept makes use of existing data, with known lower and upper bound values from from 5 known datasets in the literature. These instances are iteratively changed using the new sigma distance concept, and it is shown in the paper that the new instances are hard instances to be solved by a meta-heuristic solution procedure. \

\f0\b \
Website
\f1\b0 \
Visit {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.projectmanagement.ugent.be/research/data"}}{\fldrslt https://www.projectmanagement.ugent.be/research/data}} for more information on the dataset.\
\

\f0\b Best known solutions
\f1\b0 \
Best known solutions are available in using the \ul SolutionsUpdate\ulnone  tool and the \'93\ul RCPLIB (Parameters and BKS).xlsx\ulnone \'94 excel file.\
\

\f0\b Additional information
\f1\b0 \
The datafiles are formatted in the well known \ul Patterson format\ulnone  as explained in the \'93\ul RCPSP_DataFormat.pdf\ulnone \'94 file. \
\

\f0\b Interested in more?
\f1\b0 \
Books on projectmanagement: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.or-as.be/books"}}{\fldrslt www.or-as.be/books}}\
Academic peer-reviewed articles: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.projectmanagement.ugent.be/staff/publications"}}{\fldrslt https://www.projectmanagement.ugent.be/staff/publications}}\
Free short articles on {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://medium.com/@mario.vanhoucke"}}{\fldrslt https://medium.com/@mario.vanhoucke}}}